Add README.md (#1)
pyvista/pyvista-tutorial: README.md

4. Break. Stretch fingers and grab some coffee. (15 minutes)

5. Mesh animation - Show how to animate meshes using the PyVista API to make awesome online documentation. (10 min for talk, 10 min for exercise)

6. PyVista, jupyterlab, and sphinx - Leverage PyVista to make some awesome interactive web documentation. (20 min for talk, 10 min for exercise)

7. Quick break. Prepare for the final run. (10 minutes)

8. PyVista & VTK - Show how PyVista uses VTK and how you can combine the best of both worlds! (10 minutes for talk, 10 minutes for exercise)

9. PyVista and Qt - Demonstrate how to use PyVista to create standalone applications using pyinstaller and the Qt framework. (15 min for talk, 10 for exercise)

10. PyVista in Action - Show how PyVista is already being used within several projects and can be used for all things visualization. (15 min for talk)

11. Open up to Questions. (15 minutes)

### Additional Tutorial Information.

We will base the material for the tutorial on [the examples in PyVista's online documentation](https://docs.pyvista.org/examples/index.html).

> The tutorial itself will be in the [pyvista-tutorial](https://github.com/pyvista/pyvista-tutorial) repository.

Author: ```suggestion
[Transform 2021: Guide to PyVista Tutorial](https://github.com/banesullivan/transform-2021) will also be used as material.
The tutorial itself will be in the [pyvista-tutorial](https://github.com/pyvista/pyvista-tutorial) repository.
```

We will provide a hands-on tutorial accessible to anyone with internet access and a computer via open and accessible [example Jupyter notebooks](https://docs.pyvista.org/examples/index.html) through a comprehensive tutorial highlighting popular use cases.

## Keywords

[visualization](https://github.com/topics/visualization)
[meshviewer](https://github.com/topics/meshviewer)
[vtk](https://github.com/topics/vtk)
[3d](https://github.com/topics/3d)

## Other Information and Files
See our examples at [PyVista Examples](http://docs.pyvista.org/examples/index.html)

### Tutorial Description.

- Use PyVista effectively to create 3D visualizations from a variety of datasets.
- Understand the basic class and data structure of PyVista.
- Be familiar of the various filters and features of PyVista.
- Know which Python libraries which are used and can be used by PyVista.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
We see this tutorial catering to anyone who wants to visualize data in any domain, and this ranges from basic Python users to advanced power users.

1. Basic knowledge of Python to get started. Be able to install jupyterlab on your machine and be up and running.
2. Intermediate users will want to be familiar with [NumPy](https://numpy.org/) and other libraries that are compatible with PyVista, like `trimesh` or `meshio`.
3. Advanced users will be familiar with GUI frameworks like Qt, VTK, and advanced data science.

```

11. Open up to Questions. (15 minutes)

### Additional Tutorial Information.

We will base the material for the tutorial on [the examples in PyVista's online documentation](https://docs.pyvista.org/examples/index.html).
[Transform 2021: Guide to PyVista Tutorial](https://github.com/banesullivan/transform-2021) will also be used as material.
The tutorial itself will be in the [pyvista-tutorial](https://github.com/pyvista/pyvista-tutorial) repository.

### Tutorial Prerequisites.

We see this tutorial catering to anyone who wants to visualize data in any domain, and this ranges from basic Python users to advanced power users.

1. Basic knowledge of Python to get started. Be able to install jupyterlab on your machine and be up and running.
2. Intermediate users will want to be familiar with [NumPy](https://numpy.org/) and other libraries that are compatible with PyVista, like `trimesh` or `meshio`.
3. Advanced users will be familiar with GUI frameworks like Qt, VTK, and advanced data science.

## Appropriate level of the attendees' Python knowledge.

Something for everyone!

- [x] Beginner
- [x] Intermediate
- [x] Advanced

> ## Instructor Bio(s).

Author: @banesullivan Can we add your `Instructor Bio(s)`?

Reviewer: Added my bio, thanks for the reminder @tkoyama010

# PyVista Tutorial

[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/pyvista/pyvista-tutorial/HEAD)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Abstract

[PyVista](https://github.com/pyvista/pyvista) is a general purpose 3D visualization library used for over 500+ open source projects and many closed source projects for the visualization of everything from [computer aided engineering and geophysics to volcanoes and digital artwork](https://dev.pyvista.org/getting-started/external_examples.html).

> PyVista leverages [VTK](http://www.vtk.org) to provide a python-friendly API that is immediately usable without any prior knowledge of VTK and is being built as the 3D equivalent of [matplotlib](https://matplotlib.org/), with plugins to [Jupyter](https://jupyter.org/) to enable visualization of results using both server and client-side rendering.

Reviewer: Suggestion: "python-friendly" to "Pythonic"

Author: ```suggestion
PyVista leverages [VTK](http://www.vtk.org) to provide a Pythonic API that is immediately usable without any prior knowledge of VTK and is being built as the 3D equivalent of [matplotlib](https://matplotlib.org/), with plugins to [Jupyter](https://jupyter.org/) to enable visualization of results using both server and client-side rendering.
```

We will provide a hands-on tutorial accessible to anyone with internet access and a computer via open and accessible [example Jupyter notebooks](https://docs.pyvista.org/examples/index.html) through a comprehensive tutorial highlighting popular use cases.

## Keywords

[visualization](https://github.com/topics/visualization)
[meshviewer](https://github.com/topics/meshviewer)
[vtk](https://github.com/topics/vtk)
[3d](https://github.com/topics/3d)

## Other Information and Files
See our examples at [PyVista Examples](http://docs.pyvista.org/examples/index.html)

### Tutorial Description.

> - Use PyVista effectively to create 3D visualizations from a variety of datasets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use PyVista to create 3D visualizations from a variety of datasets in common formats.
```

> - Understand the basic class and data structure of PyVista.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Overview the classes and data structures of PyVista with real-world examples.
```

- Be familiar of the various filters and features of PyVista.
- Know which Python libraries which are used and can be used by PyVista.

> We see this tutorial catering to anyone who wants to visualize data in any domain, and this ranges from basic Python users to advanced power users.

Reviewer: > Know which Python libraries which are used and can be used by PyVista.

This doesn't make sense to me. what are we trying to say here?

> We see this...

Also, is there supposed to be a break here? the "We see this..." is added to the above bullet point when rendered.

Author: > This doesn't make sense to me. what are we trying to say here?

I thought this is talking about meshio and numpy. Is that correct @akaszynski ? It might be a good idea to specify which library we are talking about.

> Also, is there supposed to be a break here? the "We see this..." is added to the above bullet point when rendered.

```suggestion
- Know which Python libraries are used and can be used by PyVista.

We see this tutorial catering to anyone who wants to visualize data in any domain, and this ranges from basic Python users to advanced power users.
```

1. Basic knowledge of Python to get started. Be able to install jupyterlab on your machine and be up and running.

> 2. Intermediate users will want to be familiar with [NumPy](https://numpy.org/) and other libraries that are compatible with PyVista, like `trimesh` or `meshio`.

Reviewer: Let's make sure to link to trimesh and meshio

Author: ```suggestion
2. Intermediate users will want to be familiar with [NumPy](https://numpy.org/) and other libraries that are compatible with PyVista, like [trimesh](https://trimsh.org/examples.html) or [meshio](https://github.com/nschloe/meshio).
```

> 3. Advanced users will be familiar with GUI frameworks like Qt, VTK, and advanced data science.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Advanced users should be familiar the Visualization Toolkit (VTK), general data science, and GUI frameworks like Qt.
```

### Tutorial Outline.

0. Getting Started - PyVista for 3D Visualization within Python. (10 min for talk, 10 min for exercise)

> 1. Basic usage - Reading and plotting 3D data using built-in mesh data and external files.  (10 min for talk, 10 min for exercise)

Reviewer: Is "built-in" here referring to our `examples` module? If so, we may want to be more clear as the phrase "built-in" could suggest something different to this audience

Author: How about using "`examples` module"?
```suggestion
1. Basic usage - Reading and plotting 3D data using `examples` module and external files.  (10 min for talk, 10 min for exercise)
```

2. What is a Mesh? - Learn about the PyVista data types and how you can use it to visualize almost anything. (15 min for talk, 10 min for exercise)

3. PyVista Data Model - Learn about the data model of the PyVista framework and how you can visualize your data in style using point, cell, and field data. (15 min for talk, 10 min for exercise)

4. Break. Stretch fingers and grab some coffee. (15 minutes)

5. Mesh animation - Show how to animate meshes using the PyVista API to make awesome online documentation. (10 min for talk, 10 min for exercise)

> 6. PyVista, jupyterlab, and sphinx - Leverage PyVista to make some awesome interactive web documentation. (20 min for talk, 10 min for exercise)

Reviewer: Perhaps 6 should focus on documentation and 5 animations/generating figures more generally?

Author: I'm trying to think of ways to make Section 5 better.
The Tutorial uses jupyterlab, so I agree with that as it is well explained in the other sections.
```suggestion
5. Mesh animation - Show how to animate meshes using the PyVista API to make awesome online documentation. (10 min for talk, 10 min for exercise)

6. PyVista and sphinx - Leverage PyVista to make some awesome interactive web documentation. (20 min for talk, 10 min for exercise)
```

7. Quick break. Prepare for the final run. (10 minutes)

8. PyVista & VTK - Show how PyVista uses VTK and how you can combine the best of both worlds! (10 minutes for talk, 10 minutes for exercise)

9. PyVista and Qt - Demonstrate how to use PyVista to create standalone applications using pyinstaller and the Qt framework. (15 min for talk, 10 for exercise)

10. PyVista in Action - Show how PyVista is already being used within several projects and can be used for all things visualization. (15 min for talk)

11. Open up to Questions. (15 minutes)

### Additional Tutorial Information.

We will base the material for the tutorial on [the examples in PyVista's online documentation](https://docs.pyvista.org/examples/index.html).
[Transform 2021: Guide to PyVista Tutorial](https://github.com/banesullivan/transform-2021) will also be used as material.
The tutorial itself will be in the [pyvista-tutorial](https://github.com/pyvista/pyvista-tutorial) repository.

### Tutorial Prerequisites.

> We see this tutorial catering to anyone who wants to visualize data in any domain, and this ranges from basic Python users to advanced power users.

Reviewer: To highlight the "any domain" point, should we highlight that our instructors each come from different domains/backgrounds?

Author: And so is the instructor. I would like to mention that the diversity of community members is also substantial; the Scipy Conference prefers topics that are more general to science.
```suggestion
We see this tutorial catering to anyone who wants to visualize data in any domain, and this ranges from basic Python users to advanced power users.
In fact, our tutorial instructors and community members are involved in a wide range of scientific fields.
```

1. Basic knowledge of Python to get started. Be able to install jupyterlab on your machine and be up and running.

> 2. Intermediate users will want to be familiar with [NumPy](https://numpy.org/) and other libraries that are compatible with PyVista, like `trimesh` or `meshio`.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Intermediate users will want to be familiar with [NumPy](https://numpy.org/) and other libraries that are compatible with PyVista, like  [trimesh](https://trimsh.org/examples.html) or [meshio](https://github.com/nschloe/meshio).
```

> 3. Advanced users will be familiar with GUI frameworks like Qt, VTK, and advanced data science.

Reviewer: See suggested change for this above.

Author: See https://github.com/pyvista/pyvista-tutorial/pull/1/files#r806605033

### Tutorial Description.
Same as Abstract.

### Tutorial Outline.

0. Getting Started - Why PyVista? (10 min for talk, 10 min for exercise)

1. Basic usage - Reading and plotting 3D data.  (10 min for talk, 10 min for exercise)

2. What is a Mesh? - Learn about "Point", "Cell" and "Attributes". (10 min for talk, 10 min for exercise)

3. PyVista Data Model - Learn about the data model of the PyVista framework. (10 min for talk, 5 min for exercise)

4. Mesh Creation - Exercise to build and plot meshes in PyVista. (10 min for talk, 5 min for exercise)

6. Charts API - Exercise to use the Charts API to plot your data in PyVista. (10 min for talk, 5 min for exercise)

7. Unique uses of PyVista -  About some unique applications of PyVista. (10 min for talk, 5 min for exercise)

8. External Examples - How PyVista is used in external projects. (15 min for talk)

### Additional Tutorial Information.

We will base the material for the tutorial on [the examples in PyVista's online documentation](https://docs.pyvista.org/examples/index.html).
The tutorial itself will be in the [pyvista-tutorial](https://github.com/pyvista/pyvista-tutorial) repository.

### Tutorial Prerequisites.

> 1. Basic knowledge of NumPy.
> 
> 
> 
> 2. It is ideal if you are a heavy user of VTK.

Reviewer 2: I think users should be able to use PyVista without any knowledge of VTK, though it could be seen that PyVista is a way to be gently "brought into" VTK without the difficult API.

```suggestion
#. Basic knowledge of Python to get started. Get jupyterlab on your machine and be up and running.
#. Intermediate users will want to be familiar with [NumPy](https://numpy.org/) and other libraries that are compatible with PyVista, like `trimesh` or `meshio`.
```

# PyVista Tutorial

## Abstract

> This tutorial will introduce the 3D visualization using PyVista (https://github.com/pyvista/pyvista).
> PyVista is 3D plotting and mesh analysis through a streamlined interface for the Visualization Toolkit (VTK).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This tutorial will introduce 3D data visualization using PyVista (https://github.com/pyvista/pyvista).
PyVista offers 3D plotting and mesh analysis through a streamlined interface for the Visualization Toolkit (VTK).
```

> This tutorial will introduce 3D data visualization using PyVista (https://github.com/pyvista/pyvista).
> PyVista offers 3D plotting and mesh analysis through a streamlined interface for the Visualization Toolkit (VTK).
> PyVista uses VTK (http://www.vtk.org) under the covers and provides a very Python-friendly API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

[PyVista](https://github.com/pyvista/pyvista) is a general purpose 3D visualization library used for over 500+ open source projects and many closed source projects for the visualization of everything from [computer aided engineering and geophysics to volcanoes and digital artwork](https://dev.pyvista.org/getting-started/external_examples.html).

PyVista leverages [VTK](http://www.vtk.org) to provide a python-friendly API that is immediately usable without any prior knowledge of VTK and is being built as the 3D equivalent of [matplotlib](https://matplotlib.org/), with plugins to [Jupyter](https://jupyter.org/) to enable visualization of results using both server and client-side rendering.

We will provide a hands-on tutorial accessible to anyone with internet access and a computer via open and accessible [example Jupyter notebooks](https://docs.pyvista.org/examples/index.html) through a comprehensive tutorial highlighting popular use cases.

```

Author: Thanks a lot. I could feel your rich tutorial experience from the modified content.

At the end of the tutorial users will be able to

> - Use PyVista effectively to plotting 3D visualizations

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Use PyVista effectively to create 3D visualizations. 
```

> At the end of the tutorial users will be able to
> 
> - Use PyVista effectively to create 3D visualizations. 
> - Understand the basic class structure of PyVista.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use PyVista effectively to create 3D visualizations from a variety of datasets.
- Understand the basic class and data structure of PyVista.
- Be familiar of the various filters and features of PyVista.
- Know which Python libraries which are used and can be used by PyVista.
```

## Keywords

[visualization](https://github.com/topics/visualization)
[meshviewer](https://github.com/topics/meshviewer)
[vtk](https://github.com/topics/vtk)
[3d](https://github.com/topics/3d)

## Other Information and Files

### Tutorial Description.

> Same with Abstract.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Same as Abstract.
```

> Same with Abstract.

Reviewer 3: 1. If it's the same as the abstract we should probably copy the abstract verbatim here, but we can do that when everything else is done so that you don't have to duplicate changes all the time.
2. The abstract in its current state doesn't seem to include "the target audience, the expected level of knowledge prior to the class", so either the abstract should be amended, or adding this information to the "Tutorial Description".

> Same with Abstract.

Author: Thanks. Now we added content.
https://github.com/pyvista/pyvista-tutorial/blob/doc/add-readme/README.md#tutorial-description

> ## Other Information and Files
> 
> ### Tutorial Description.
> Same as Abstract.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Other Information and Files
See our examples at [PyVista Examples](http://docs.pyvista.org/examples/index.html)

### Tutorial Description.

- Use PyVista effectively to create 3D visualizations from a variety of datasets.
- Understand the basic class and data structure of PyVista.
- Be familiar of the various filters and features of PyVista.
- Know which Python libraries which are used and can be used by PyVista.
```

> ### Tutorial Outline.

Reviewer 3: Most of the "train"s in this section should probably be "training", but there might be an even better word. I'm not sure.

Author: "exercise" may prefer.
> A more detailed outline of the tutorial content, including the duration of each part and exercise sessions. Please include a description of how you plan to make the tutorial hands-on.

> 0. Getting Started - Why PyVista? (10 min for talk, 5 min for exercise)

Author: ```suggestion
0. Getting Started - Why PyVista? (10 min for talk, 10 min for exercise)
```

> 1. Basic usage - Reading and plotting 3D data.  (10 min for talk, 5 min for exercise)

Author: ```suggestion
1. Basic usage - Reading and plotting 3D data.  (10 min for talk, 10 min for exercise)
```

> 2. What is a Mesh? - Learn about "Point", "Cell" and "Attributes". (10 min for talk, 5 min for exercise)

Author: ```suggestion
2. What is a Mesh? - Learn about "Point", "Cell" and "Attributes". (10 min for talk, 10 min for exercise)
```

> 3. PyVista Data Model - Learn about the each data model of the PyVista framework. (10 min for talk, 5 min for train)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. PyVista Data Model - Learn about the data model of the PyVista framework. (10 min for talk, 5 min for train)
```

4. Mesh Creation - Train to build and plot meshes in PyVista. (10 min for talk, 5 min for train)

> 5. Camera/Lights API - Train to use camera/light objects to customize your plot. (10 min for talk, 5 min for train)

Reviewer 3: I wonder if we (you) should include these in the tutorial. On one hand they are pretty advanced topics, far from the hands-on "just plot some stuff real quick" approach. On the other hand especially lighting can give some really compelling examples of what PyVista can do.

Author: The content is certainly too advanced as you say. Let's delete this section to make more time for the other sections.

> 6. Charts API - Exercise to use the Charts API to plot your data in PyVista. (10 min for talk, 5 min for exercise)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Mesh animation - Show how to animate meshes using the PyVista API. (10 min for talk, 5 min for exercise)
```

Author: Yeah. Mesh animation is more general for users.

> 5. Camera/Lights API - Exercise to use camera/light objects to customize your plot. (10 min for talk, 5 min for exercise)
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

> 0. Getting Started - Why PyVista? (10 min for talk, 10 min for exercise)
> 
> 1. Basic usage - Reading and plotting 3D data.  (10 min for talk, 10 min for exercise)
> 
> 2. What is a Mesh? - Learn about "Point", "Cell" and "Attributes". (10 min for talk, 10 min for exercise)
> 
> 3. PyVista Data Model - Learn about the data model of the PyVista framework. (10 min for talk, 5 min for exercise)
> 
> 4. Mesh Creation - Exercise to build and plot meshes in PyVista. (10 min for talk, 5 min for exercise)
> 
> 6. Mesh animation - Show how to animate meshes using the PyVista API. (10 min for talk, 5 min for exercise)
> 
> 7. Unique uses of PyVista -  About some unique applications of PyVista. (10 min for talk, 5 min for exercise)
> 
> 8. External Examples - How PyVista is used in external projects. (15 min for talk)

Reviewer 2: Talk should be exactly 4 hours. Please verify the times.

```suggestion
0. Getting Started - PyVista for 3D Visualization within Python. (10 min for talk, 10 min for exercise)

1. Basic usage - Reading and plotting 3D data using built-in mesh data and external files.  (10 min for talk, 10 min for exercise)

2. What is a Mesh? - Learn about the PyVista data types and how you can use it to visualize almost anything. (15 min for talk, 10 min for exercise)

3. PyVista Data Model - Learn about the data model of the PyVista framework and how you can visualize your data in style using point, cell, and field data. (15 min for talk, 10 min for exercise)

4. Break. Stretch fingers and grab some coffee. (15 minutes)

5. Mesh animation - Show how to animate meshes using the PyVista API to make awesome online documentation. (10 min for talk, 10 min for exercise)

6. PyVista, jupyterlab, and sphinx - Leverage PyVista to make some awesome interactive web documentation. (20 min for talk, 10 min for exercise)

7. Quick break. Prepare for the final run. (10 minutes)

8. PyVista & VTK - Show how PyVista uses VTK and how you can combine the best of both worlds! (10 minutes for talk, 10 minutes for exercise)

9. PyVista and Qt - Demonstrate how to use PyVista to create standalone applications using pyinstaller and the Qt framework. (15 min for talk, 10 for exercise)

10. PyVista in Action - Show how PyVista is already being used within several projects and can be used for all things visualization. (15 min for talk)

11. Open up to Questions. (15 minutes)
```

Author: Thanks a lot. I could feel your rich tutorial experience from the modified content.

> 0. Getting Started - Why PyVista? (10 min for talk, 5 min for train)
> 
> 1. Basic usage - Try read 3D data and plot.  (10 min for talk, 5 min for train)
> 
> 2. What is a Mesh? - Learn about "Point", "Cell" and "Attributes". (10 min for talk, 5 min for train)
> 
> 3. PyVista Data Model - Learn about the each data model of PyVista framework. (10 min for talk, 5 min for train)
> 
> 4. Mesh Creation - Train to build mesh in PyVista and plot. (10 min for talk, 5 min for train)
> 
> 5. Camera/Lights API - Train to use camera/light object to modify your plot. (10 min for talk, 5 min for train)
> 
> 6. Charts API - Train to use Charts API to plot your data in PyVista. (10 min for talk, 5 min for train)
> 
> 7. Unique use of PyVista -  About some unique use of PyVista. (10 min for talk, 5 min for train)
> 
> 8. External Examples - How the PyVista is use in external project. (15 min for talk)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
0. Getting Started - Why PyVista? (10 min for talk, 5 min for train)

1. Basic usage - Reading and plotting 3D data.  (10 min for talk, 5 min for train)

2. What is a Mesh? - Learn about "Point", "Cell" and "Attributes". (10 min for talk, 5 min for train)

3. PyVista Data Model - Learn about the each data model of the PyVista framework. (10 min for talk, 5 min for train)

4. Mesh Creation - Train to build and plot meshes in PyVista. (10 min for talk, 5 min for train)

5. Camera/Lights API - Train to use camera/light objects to customize your plot. (10 min for talk, 5 min for train)

6. Charts API - Train to use the Charts API to plot your data in PyVista. (10 min for talk, 5 min for train)

7. Unique uses of PyVista -  About some unique applications of PyVista. (10 min for talk, 5 min for train)

8. External Examples - How PyVista is used in external project. (15 min for talk)
```

> 8. External Examples - How PyVista is used in external project. (15 min for talk)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
8. External Examples - How PyVista is used in external projects. (15 min for talk)
```

### Additional Tutorial Information.

> 

Author: I found a [great tutorial on transform-2021](https://github.com/banesullivan/transform-2021) by @banesullivan. May I add it to the content to be material for this tutorial?

> 

Reviewer 2: Yes please.

> We will use [example of pyvista page](https://docs.pyvista.org/examples/index.html) material for training.
> Tutorial itself will be on [pyvista-tutorial](https://github.com/pyvista/pyvista-tutorial).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We will base the material for the tutorial on [the examples in PyVista's online documentation](https://docs.pyvista.org/examples/index.html).
The tutorial itself will be in the [pyvista-tutorial](https://github.com/pyvista/pyvista-tutorial) repository..
```

> The tutorial itself will be in the [pyvista-tutorial](https://github.com/pyvista/pyvista-tutorial) repository..

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The tutorial itself will be in the [pyvista-tutorial](https://github.com/pyvista/pyvista-tutorial) repository.
```

### Tutorial Prerequisites.

> 1. Basic knowlage of numpy.
> 
> 2. Basic knowlage of scipy.
> 
> 3. Basic knowlage of matplotlib.
> 
> 4. It is ideal if you are heavy user of VTK.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Basic knowledge of NumPy.

2. Basic knowledge of SciPy.

3. Basic knowledge of Matplotlib.

4. It is ideal if you are a heavy user of VTK.
```

> 2. Basic knowledge of SciPy.

Reviewer 3: Do users really need SciPy?

Author: No. Only for a few examples.
```suggestion
```

> 3. Basic knowledge of Matplotlib.

Reviewer 3: I assume matplotlib is only necessary due to the charts part. If for some reason the charts don't make it into the tutorial plan, we should consider removing this too.

Author: You are right :)
```suggestion
```

> 4. It is ideal if you are a heavy user of VTK.

Reviewer 3: I also wonder about this one. I would like to think that PyVista is awesome enough that you don't really have to know about VTK. But admittedly many things are easier to debug/solve if you have some understanding of what goes on under the hood. But then again knowing some other 3d visualization tool might be enough? I really can't judge. Just raising this as food for thought;

Author: Thanks for the comment. It is ideal that users know about VTK but not necessarily. On Scipy, Kitware members have shared information about VTK in the past. So it may help their understanding as some of the users are familiar with VTK.
```suggestion
2. It is ideal if you are a heavy user of VTK.
```

> #. Basic knowledge of Python to get started. Get jupyterlab on your machine and be up and running.
> #. Intermediate users will want to be familiar with [NumPy](https://numpy.org/) and other libraries that are compatible with PyVista, like `trimesh` or `meshio`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Basic knowledge of Python to get started. Get jupyterlab on your machine and be up and running.
2. Intermediate users will want to be familiar with [NumPy](https://numpy.org/) and other libraries that are compatible with PyVista, like `trimesh` or `meshio`.
```

## Appropriate level of the attendees' Python knowledge.

- [ ] Beginner
- [x] Intermediate
- [ ] Advanced

> ## Instructor Bio(s).

Reviewer 3: Sorry, I definitely won't attend the conference :)

> ## Instructor Bio(s).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Instructor Bio(s).

### Alexander Kaszynski

[https://github.com/akaszynski/resume](Alex Kaszynski), co-creator of [PyVista](https://github.com/pyvista/) and creator of the [PyAnsys](https://github.com/pyansys) organization.

Advocate for all things Python with extensive experience presenting as a speaker at IGTI conferences for the past decade, and for the past almost three at Ansys pushing for automation through Python for CAE applications.

Regularly present Python demos within [Ansys](https://ansys.github.io/), including talks with 500+ "live" virtual attendees, and prior to COVID, in person talks of 100+. Enjoys presenting and demoing Python, especially 3D visualization but also its application to CAE and automation.
```

> - [ ] Beginner
> - [x] Intermediate
> - [ ] Advanced

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Something for everyone!

- [x] Beginner
- [x] Intermediate
- [x] Advanced
```

### Tetsuo Koyama

> CAE software engineer in Japan.

Reviewer 3: This is probably just my ignorance showing, but I don't know what CAE stands for, so it might be worth spelling out :)

Author: ```suggestion
```

Interested in scientific computing and visualization with computer graphics.
Developer team member of PyVista.

> Past experiences as a speaker is

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Past experience as a speaker:
```

> [https://github.com/akaszynski/resume](Alex Kaszynski), co-creator of [PyVista](https://github.com/pyvista/) and creator of the [PyAnsys](https://github.com/pyansys) organization.

Author: ```suggestion
[Alex Kaszynski](https://github.com/akaszynski/resume), co-creator of [PyVista](https://github.com/pyvista/) and creator of the [PyAnsys](https://github.com/pyansys) organization.
```

### Alexander Kaszynski

> [Alex Kaszynski](https://github.com/akaszynski/resume), co-creator of [PyVista](https://github.com/pyvista/) and creator of the [PyAnsys](https://github.com/pyansys) organization.

Reviewer 2: Thanks!
